MC-2733 Simplify OIDC configuration (#319)
hazelcast/management-center-docs: docs/modules/deploy-manage/pages/openid.adoc

.Windows
```bash
mc-conf.bat oidc configure
```
--
====

> * **Issuer:** Issuer identifier of your OpenID provider. It is usually (but not always) a URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Issuer:** Identifies the issuer of your OpenID provider. It is usually (but not always) a URL.
```

When an issuer URL is provided, you can fetch the OIDC configuration by clicking the `Fetch Configuration` button.
+
IMPORTANT: Fetching the configuration overrides any previously typed values

> (*Authorization Endpoint*, *User Info Endpoint*, *Token Endpoint* and *JWK Set Endpoint*).

Reviewer 2: I am guessing that if the identifier is not a URL, then the configuration entries must be typed in (Fetch Configuration functionality is greyed out?). If that's the case, we can say so.

We can also clarify "but not always", if it is not obvious to the OpenID users.
